Add documentation page on Commercial subscriptions (#9963)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/commercial/subscriptions.rst

Read the Docs for Business subscription management

> ==================================================

Reviewer: Good to get this in now, it is an important page to be able to handle in the new navigation structure.

> Read the Docs for Business subscription management
> ==================================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to manage your Read the Docs for Business subscription
==========================================================
```

Reviewer: This page isn't included in a TOC, but once included, it can have a different label in the TOC.

Reviewer: Ah, it's implicitly in a TOC? Well, we can probably follow up on the title in any case.

We want to make it easy to manage your billing information.

> You can manage or cancel subscriptions from the :guilabel:`Settings > Subscriptions` page of the :term:`dashboard`.

Reviewer 2: `guilabel` is fine to me, but didn't someone have a better solution for documenting UI interactions that involve multiple steps?

> You can manage or cancel subscriptions from the :guilabel:`Settings > Subscriptions` page of the :term:`dashboard`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage or cancel subscriptions from the :menuselection:`Settings --> Subscriptions` page of the :term:`dashboard`.
```

Managing your subscription
--------------------------

* Go to https://readthedocs.com/organizations/.
* Select your organization from this list.
* Select :guilabel:`Settings` at the top of the page.
* Select the :guilabel:`Subscription` tab on the left.

> * Click :guilabel:`Manage Subscription`.

Reviewer 2: This is what I always send users :+1:

Author: Yea, I copied it from the Front autoreply :)

> This action will take you to the Stripe billing portal where you can manage your subscription.

Reviewer: Super nice to get this sorted :100: Seen this request a number of times.

.. note::
    You will need to be an organization owner to view subscription information.
    If you do not have permission,

>     you can ask one of your existing organization owners to make any required changes.

Reviewer: I've seen this note a couple of places, could consider a new `include::`, but that structure is in `diataxis/main` and can fix it later :+1:

Cancelling your subscription
----------------------------

> Cancelling your subscription can be done in the same way as the above instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cancelling your subscription happens via Stripe. Follow the instructions in `Managing your subscription`_.
```

Reviewer 2: Mentioning Stripe might be misleading users, it's probably better to keep our subscription dashboard in reference.

> You will be billed for the remainder of the current billing period,
> and then not charged again.

Reviewer 2: We won't "bill" them necessarily, just the cancellation isn't prorated. With some clarifications:

```suggestion
Your subscription will remain active for the remainder of the current billing period,
and will not renew for the next billing period.
```

> **We can not cancel subscriptions just by sending us an email,
> as email is an insecure method of verifying a user's identity.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**We can not cancel subscriptions through an email request,
as email is an insecure method of verifying a user's identity.**
```

If you email us about this,

> we require you to verify your identity by logging into your Read the Docs account and submitting an official support request there.

Reviewer 2: I'm also fine saying 'An organization owner must make this change'. The majority of the time I get these requests, the user doesn't even seem to have an RTD account.

Author: Yea, we mention that at the top as well.

> Discounts & Credits
> -------------------

Reviewer 2: Casing, plus more english specific character removal

```suggestion
Discounts and credits
---------------------
```

We do not generally discount our software.

> We provide a ad-supported service to the community with |org_brand|,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We provide an ad-supported service to the community with |org_brand|,
```

but we do have one standard discount that we offer.

> Non-profit & Academic Organizations
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Non-profit and academic organizations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

Read the Docs for Business subscription management
==================================================

We want to make it easy to manage your billing information.
All :doc:`organization owners </commercial/subscriptions>` can manage the subscription for that organization.

> It's easy in this dashboard to achieve a number of common tasks:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's easy to achieve a number of common tasks in this dashboard:
```

* Update your credit card information.
* Upgrade, downgrade, or cancel your plan.
* View, download, and pay invoices.

> * Add additional tax (VAT/EIN) or contact email addresses on your invoices.

Reviewer 2: :+1: on this list, we don't spell out all of the features of the subscription dashboard like this, afaik.

Author: Yea, useful for SEO as well.

* Select :guilabel:`Settings` at the top of the page.
* Select the :guilabel:`Subscription` tab on the left.
* Click :guilabel:`Manage Subscription`.

This action will take you to the Stripe billing portal where you can manage your subscription.

.. note::
    You will need to be an organization owner to view subscription information.
    If you do not have permission,
    you can ask one of your existing organization owners to make any required changes.

Cancelling your subscription
----------------------------

Cancelling your subscription can be done in the same way as the above instructions.
You will be billed for the remainder of the current billing period,
and then not charged again.

**We can not cancel subscriptions just by sending us an email,
as email is an insecure method of verifying a user's identity.**
If you email us about this,
we require you to verify your identity by logging into your Read the Docs account and submitting an official support request there.

Billing information
-------------------

We provide both monthly and annual subscriptions for all plans.
Annual plans are given a 2 month discount compared to monthly billing.

> We only support credit card billing for our Basic & Advanced plans.
> For our Pro & Enterprise users, we support invoice-based and PO billing.

Reviewer 2: I usually prefer to avoid special symbols like & in prose, `and` isn't far off and translates better.

```suggestion
We only support credit card billing for our Basic and Advanced plans.
For our Pro and Enterprise users, we support invoice-based and PO billing.
```
